Cellar policy example and s3cmd command troubleshooting (#274)
CleverCloud/documentation: content/doc/addons/cellar.md

1. Create your main Cellar add-on (we'll call it `Cellar-1`)
2. Download `Cellar 1` s3cfg file
3. Create a second Cellar add-on (we'll call it `Cellar-2`)
4. Get the `ADDON ID` from `Cellar-2` dashboard (it should look like `cellar_xxx`)
5. Create a policy for `Cellar-1` and inject the `ADDON ID` from `Cellar-2` as the user.

Now, you can pass `Cellar-2` credentials to a third party to grant read-only access to `Cellar-1` buckets.

#### Read-only policy example

This policy example grants read-only access to a bucket for another user, using the preceding procedure.

```json {filename="read-only-policy.json"}
{
    "Version": "2012-10-17",
    "Statement": [
      {
        "Action": [
          "s3:GetObject",
          "s3:ListBucket"
        ],
        "Effect": "Allow",
        "Resource": "arn:aws:s3:::<bucket-name>/*",
        "Principal": {"AWS": "arn:aws:iam::cellar_xxx"}

      }
    ]
  }

```

Replace the `<bucket-name>` with your bucket name in the policy file.

Set the policy to your bucket using s3cmd:

```bash

> s3cmd setpolicy ./policy.json s3://<bucket-name>

Author: ```suggestion
s3cmd --config=<path/to/s3cfg-file> setpolicy ./policy.json s3://<bucket-name>
```

```

> 💡 If you encounter errors, you might need to specify the [configuration file path](#download-the-configuration-file):

Author: ```suggestion
💡Download the [configuration file from Clever Cloud](#download-the-configuration-file):
```
